# Interactive Arts and Science Portfolio: Connor Kellock

Hello Everybody!

## Interactive Study Guide

Check out my Interactive Study Guide for IASC-2P02 [here](2P02InteractiveStudyGuideCK.html)

## Interactive Genealogy
Click [here](2P02InteractiveGenealogyCK.html) for my Interactive Genealogy!

## Speculative Fiction Story
# Nostalgia Trip, By Connor Kellock.
Out of all the Christmas gifts that I’ve ever received, I will always remember what I received for Christmas in the year 1995. I was just a little kid filled with excitement at the thought of what Santa had brought me. My family and I emptied out our stockings that hung over our fireplace, which were always filled with chocolate and sweets. With no pause, I rushed over to the tree. I had been eyeing a medium-sized box, with reindeer wrapping paper. It had been sitting there for at least two weeks, and my mind constantly raced as to what was contained underneath. Finally, with weeks of anticipation running through me, I mercilessly tore through the wrapping paper, seeing three letters on the side of the box that I’ve never seen before: “Wii.” 
	It was unlike anything I had ever seen. The controller looked like a tv remote, and when pointed at the CRT screen with the device connected, you could interact with the objects on the screen. The video games that came with it were some of the most beautiful images that I’ve ever seen come from a video game console. At this time, we still had my dad’s old Nintendo Entertainment System, and my mom’s Sega Genesis, but all of those were so pixellated and flat. With the Wii, I could see the back, side, bottom, and front of Mario with the turn of the remote. I heard that Nintendo was coming out with a new console, but I never would’ve thought that this would’ve been it. 
	After the winter break, my friends and I all arrived back at school, where we found out that we all received a Wii from Santa. My friends and I were always notorious for staying out late, playing road hockey or spending time at the local park, however, everything changed after we got our Wii’s. Instead of staying outside from dusk till dawn, we were always over at each other’s houses playing Wii. Since some of the games force you to move around in order to play them, we thought that we still could get exercise indoors by playing our Wiis. 
	I remember one night I went to the movie theatre with my family to see a new movie called “Jumanji” that had just been released, however, I found it difficult to concentrate on the movie because I knew that all my friends were at their own homes playing their Wiis. I didn’t want them to get further than me in Legend of Zelda since they’d inevitably spoil the game for me when we go to school the next day. Everything that I ever thought about was playing my Wii, and when I was playing my Wii, I didn’t think of anything else. Since I was playing it so much, it interrupted my dad’s television time, so he made me use an old CRT and play my Wii in my bedroom. I would stay up entire nights just playing my Wii. I started showing up to school with bags under my eyes, something that a 13-year-old should never have. 
	After a couple of months passed, I heard about a new video game that was being released, that you could actually play online, via Dial-up, with your friends. My friends and I constantly would talk about the possibility of being able to play Wii with each other but on our respective consoles. I saved up a month’s worth of allowance and coupled that with the money that I received from my Grandparents for Christmas to afford the new game. Finally, the day came, my friends and I patiently waited outside of the local video game store to buy it the second it opened. Although I was able to play online, the internet speed wasn’t the upper echelon that I dreamt of. It was buggy, slow, and very choppy at times. I would constantly get disconnected if I spent too much time wired in, or if my mom needed to use the telephone. I would have daydreams about what online games would look like several decades from then.
	Looking back on it, I was madly obsessed with my Wii when I first got it. It was the first console that I could call my own, and that’s what sparked my love for video games. That spark grew into a passion for creating video games, which is what I do for a living twenty years later. Thank you, Wii.

## Micro Essay
The entire idea of the story that I created was to examine how children would’ve reacted to the Nintendo Wii being released during the 90s, instead of the Nintendo 64. I wanted to try to recapture the first time I played and interacted with my Wii when I first got it but put it in the 90s where video game systems were still quite limiting. That is why I compared the Wii’s remote to a television remote, and how you could play it on a CRT, instead of using the infrared sensor. The Nintendo Entertainment System accomplished this in the 80s with their ‘zapper’ which was used for the game Duck Hunt. I also wanted to try to highlight that in the 90s, children would be outside playing for a majority of the day, as they didn’t have smartphones, wifi, internet, or high-end gaming consoles like the generation of today has. I also wanted to make reference to the reading, and to some of the quotes in my study guide. The main quote being: "Personal attachments for that current young consuming middle class... who were the first generation to grow up in the midst of personal computers and gaming." I really wanted to explore this quote heavily in my story because I did indeed grow up with gaming, and I feel like the quote really nailed the entire theme of nostalgia that I was going for. The quote and the entire general idea of the story demonstrate how certain pieces of technology can come into a person’s life and change it forever, and how you can become personally attached to that piece of technology. For the kid in the story, that was the Wii, and it made him love video games so much that he went into game design for his career. Much like I am attempting to make game design my own career.

## Be sure to check back for my other pieces of work!
